David, do you agree?
I do right now, but I always think of Bill Clinton as sort of a tidal pool that goes in and out, it washes in and washes out again. Right now, he's definitely to the benefit of the vice president, and the vice president is moving that closer to the president in his speeches and embracing him more.

Do we now also, Barry, rethink the whole concept of the death penalty, based on the fact that a mistake, there's no way you can redress the grievance?
I think that's right. People don't want anyone innocent executed, that's clear. But you know, it's an interesting shift in the debate. You know, everybody used to think that the death penalty was an issue of, do you think it's morally appropriate or not? That's really not the issue. It's been four years now since the American Bar Association came out calling for a moratorium on the death penalty. People forget that. That's not a bunch of left-wingers or knee-jerk liberals. We're talking about prosecutors, judges, the mainstream lawyer organization. Now the American Medical Association have said, look, the lawyers are no god damn good on death row in these capital cases, innocent people are getting convicted and put on death row in scary numbers. For every seven people executed, there's one innocent person taken off death row. Those numbers are intolerable. And Illinois is not worse than Texas, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, California, any of these other states. 

You're going to take it again?
I will.

John Kasich, does this help, this humor, and the fact that both candidates would do this?
Yes, I think it does, Larry. 

You don't have that rule?
No. No. There were problems when we started "The Tonight Show." There were problems with some of the shows of that. No. I mean, there are any number of times, some of the comedians, Larry Miller, have called and said, "Jay, "The Arsenio Hall" show called us." Larry, do it. You're a commodity. You're a comedian. Do it. Do it. Do us before if you want. Do us after.

Do you like your son-in-law?
Yes, I do. My son in law is a registered Maine guide. He takes people salmon fishing, and bass fishing. Her life could not be more different from mine. She's got three dogs, two cats, she lives in a wonderful house that is surrounded by trees.

Do you know President Clinton?
No, I don't know President Clinton.

Should he resign?
Well, in my opinion, he should, yes.

Nancy, you think -- do you still hold the opinion that he was involved?
Well, I do hold the opinion that he has impeded the investigation. And at least -- if nothing more -- for that reason let a trail go cold, a trail that could have led us to Chandra Levy if he had been forthcoming and told the truth in the beginning. And frankly, all fingers point back at this point to Condit.

What do you want them to look for?
Well, there are -- everybody should have some idea the type of mail they receive. And all we're telling people is be very, very alert, look at some telltale signs. For example, if a piece of mail does not have a return address or if you're not expecting a piece of mail that looks suspicious, and there is a return address, check it out and see who is sending that. Certainly, if there's anything protruding or coming out of the piece of mail, or if it's heavy, if it's overweight, has too much postage on it, those are all things that are very suspicious. And at that point, don't open it, set it aside, contact local law enforcement, or the postal inspection service.

How much moving around are you doing?
Well, as much as I can, Larry. That in and around Kabul, we're able to move, you know, fairly freely. We always have to keep in mind the safety factor. You know, I've often said I was raised by people who taught me to fear only two things, God and hurricanes. But I have to add to that, for whatever reason, I know from my past war experience, that one needs to be particularly afraid in this kind of situation of mines, snipers and booby traps. Now we have to add to that, no sense of overemphasizing, but in terms of traveling around, that some journalists have been victimized. But we've traveled around quite a little bit. I've tried to concentrate on talking to our troops. I have been able to talk to the 10th mountain soldiers, tried very hard to get with the U.S. Marines. And well, that's another story for another day. Wasn't able to do it. But we can move around. In Kabul itself, no difficulty. In the countryside at large, you always have to factor in the risk factor.

What was it like to work with first Ron Howard as a director and second Russell Crowe as an actor?
He really loves to collaborate. And I noticed, you know, given that, it made me want to sort of do things, you know, choices that maybe I wouldn't have made on my own. Anything he'd ask me to try, basically, I would, you know.

What keeps you going, Dana?
Well, Chris keeps me going. Our son Will keeps me going. There's not a lot -- life keeps me going. I'm basically a happy person. I don't need a lot of prompting to keep going.

And how did you get the idea to bring Ripley back?
Well, they came to me actually and they discussed it with me first and said would you like to do this? And we had our own idea on how I would want to do the show and how I want it to feel and look and basically the tone of the show, I wanted to make it very different. And they agreed, and this is what we have now.

Did he know he was going to die?
Oh, yes. Yes, he knew.

All right, John Woo, why did you agree to do this movie?
Well about three years ago when the writers, John and Joe, they pitched this idea to me and they told me the whole story and the whole history, I was crying, you know, and I was deeply moved, you know, by the whole story, and also made me so much admire the other Code Talkers and Navajo people and I thought they were brave. They were loyal.

You don't like him?
No, no. Rich is wonderful. We've had dinner a few times, and I took him to Melrose baths once. And it was a little disappointing. But no, he's a great guy. He's a real, wonderful hero. And he likes me a lot more than Ray. See, there's the pathos.

And then when he wanted to get married, why didn't you?
Because I realized that I didn't want to live my life as a vampire. We were awake all night, sleeping all day. I didn't want to bring more children into the world who would have to compromise their hours and the way they lived.

Did he give you your security deposit right back?
No, he never gave it back.

What did President Bush say when he called?
He congratulated me, said it was long overdue. He said he was also grateful to me that President Ford and I had helped get the new election reform legislation implemented. I told him that although the committee has decided and the House has voted on it and the Senate will soon decide, to reform the election system in this United States, we still need the funding. I asked him while I had him on the phone to make sure we got adequate money to put it into effect. And he assured me that we would. So it was a very pleasant conversation with congratulations and a talk about election reform.

Let's discuss disappointments. Terry, what's so far to this point your disappointment tonight?
Well, I was very excited about Jeanne Shaheen's race in New Hampshire. I'm a good friend of Jeanne's. I thought she ran a very good campaign. I was hoping she'd win that Senate race. We put a lot of resources into Florida. We wanted to win the Florida gubernatorial election. It was important for the Democrats after the problem in 2000 that we went down there, we built up our base support, we got our Voting Rights Institute going down there, which will help us in 2004. But I had high hopes for us. I think 10 days ago in Florida, you know, we were dead even. We could have won that race.

Were you the comic at home?
Yes, kind of. Yes, yes. I was -- Larry Gelhart said that humor is looking at life through a different lens. And I guess I just always had that different lens.

So what do you do? If both cases are correct, that is all existent, and Saddam Hussein is a definite menace?
Both are important objectives, but if you've got a group of people out there trying to kill you and publicly threatening to do so, don't you think that ought to be the No. 1 priority? I do. Saddam Hussein is a bad guy, and needs to be removed from power, but he's not the one that attacked us, and he's not the one that is publicly threatening to destroy us. Al Qaeda is. Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein are not one in the same. The president said they're virtually the same. Well, they're not, and I think it was a mistake to lose focus on the war against terrorism.

How great it is to speak with both of you. I just can't imagine. Listen. Mr. Art Linkletter, how long have you been in the public eye?
Since 1933. I was studying to be an English professor at San Diego State College, and I was making Waldorf's salads in the school cafeteria at lunch, one of my many jobs. The phone rang. It was a strange voice said, I'm the manager of radio station KGB. I have been watching you up there and what you're doing. Your musical comedy and so forth. He says, How would you like a part-time job in radio? I got in the public eye and stayed there 65 years.

My question, Dan, for you. Was this the interview of your career? If not, who's left? And secondly, who could possibly take your place? Any ideas? Be real forward about that.
Well, first of all, I don't know whether this was the interview of a career. I like to think my best work is still ahead of me. And actually I keep a list in my mind of stories that I say to myself, boy, that's one I'd like to think about some time. I don't know how long the list is, but however long it is, this interview is on it, no question about that. I'd like to interview tomorrow the leader of North Korea. I think the chances of doing that are maybe as slim as seeing a giraffe lope through this studio right now, but I'm trying and I'd love to do that. I don't know who will come behind me as anchor and managing editor of the "CBS Evening News." Whoever it is will probably do a better job than I'm doing.

